#
# This file is autogenerated by pip-compile with python 3.8
# To update, run:
#
#    pip-compile
#
absl-py==0.15.0
    # via
    #   tensorboard
    #   tensorflow
astunparse==1.6.3
    # via tensorflow
cachetools==5.0.0
    # via google-auth
certifi==2021.10.8
    # via requests
charset-normalizer==2.0.12
    # via requests
cycler==0.11.0
    # via matplotlib
dataclasses==0.6
    # via -r requirements.in
efficientnet==1.1.1
    # via -r requirements.in
flatbuffers==1.12
    # via tensorflow
fonttools==4.29.1
    # via matplotlib
gast==0.4.0
    # via tensorflow
google-auth==2.6.0
    # via
    #   google-auth-oauthlib
    #   tensorboard
google-auth-oauthlib==0.4.6
    # via tensorboard
google-pasta==0.2.0
    # via tensorflow
grpcio==1.34.1
    # via
    #   tensorboard
    #   tensorflow
h5py==3.1.0
    # via
    #   keras-applications
    #   tensorflow
idna==3.3
    # via requests
imageio==2.4.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   scikit-image
importlib-metadata==4.11.1
    # via markdown
keras-applications==1.0.8
    # via efficientnet
keras-nightly==2.5.0.dev2021032900
    # via tensorflow
keras-preprocessing==1.1.2
    # via tensorflow
kiwisolver==1.3.2
    # via matplotlib
lxml==4.8.0
    # via -r requirements.in
markdown==3.3.6
    # via tensorboard
matplotlib==3.5.1
    # via scikit-image
networkx==2.6.3
    # via scikit-image
numpy==1.19.5
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   h5py
    #   imageio
    #   keras-applications
    #   keras-preprocessing
    #   matplotlib
    #   ocr4all-pylib
    #   opencv-python-headless
    #   opt-einsum
    #   pywavelets
    #   scikit-image
    #   scipy
    #   tensorboard
    #   tensorflow
    #   tifffile
oauthlib==3.2.0
    # via requests-oauthlib
ocr4all-pylib==0.2.6
    # via -r requirements.in
opencv-python-headless==4.5.5.62
    # via -r requirements.in
opt-einsum==3.3.0
    # via tensorflow
packaging==21.3
    # via matplotlib
pillow==9.0.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   imageio
    #   matplotlib
    #   ocr4all-pylib
    #   scikit-image
protobuf==3.19.4
    # via
    #   tensorboard
    #   tensorflow
pyasn1==0.4.8
    # via
    #   pyasn1-modules
    #   rsa
pyasn1-modules==0.2.8
    # via google-auth
pyparsing==3.0.7
    # via
    #   matplotlib
    #   packaging
python-dateutil==2.8.2
    # via matplotlib
pywavelets==1.2.0
    # via scikit-image
requests==2.27.1
    # via
    #   requests-oauthlib
    #   tensorboard
requests-oauthlib==1.3.1
    # via google-auth-oauthlib
rsa==4.8
    # via google-auth
scikit-image==0.17.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   efficientnet
scipy==1.8.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   scikit-image
six==1.15.0
    # via
    #   absl-py
    #   astunparse
    #   google-auth
    #   google-pasta
    #   grpcio
    #   keras-preprocessing
    #   python-dateutil
    #   tensorflow
tensorboard==2.8.0
    # via tensorflow
tensorboard-data-server==0.6.1
    # via tensorboard
tensorboard-plugin-wit==1.8.1
    # via tensorboard
tensorflow==2.5.0
    # via -r requirements.in
tensorflow-estimator==2.5.0
    # via tensorflow
termcolor==1.1.0
    # via tensorflow
tifffile==2022.2.9
    # via scikit-image
tqdm==4.62.3
    # via -r requirements.in
typing-extensions==3.7.4.3
    # via tensorflow
urllib3==1.26.8
    # via requests
werkzeug==2.0.3
    # via tensorboard
wheel==0.37.1
    # via
    #   astunparse
    #   tensorboard
    #   tensorflow
wrapt==1.12.1
    # via tensorflow
zipp==3.7.0
    # via importlib-metadata

# The following packages are considered to be unsafe in a requirements file:
# setuptools
